armed soldiers have locked you in an
apartment building people are
mysteriously getting sick
and trying to kill you and time is
running out do you think you can survive
i'm going to be breaking down the
mistakes made break down what you should
do
and explain why you wouldn't survive
quarantine
we start off with angela and her
cameraman scott who are preparing for
their late night news segment
touring a fire station and getting to
know two particular firefighters
naked fletcher the station gets a call
and they head out to an old apartment
complex
where the firemen grab their tools and
link up with two police officers
danny and james the group find out from
the landlord yuri
that people reported hearing miss
espinoza letting out blood-curdling
screams from her second-story unit
they break into the flat where they find
miss espinoza covered in blood
and pale as a ghost scott suddenly turns
his camera lights on
as the cops yell at him to shut it off
but she suddenly attacks them
giving james the mother of all love
bites before she's wrestled off
nearly blinding this fragile woman on a
tag-along rescue call is just
unprofessional and yet nobody knew what
they were dealing with until they could
see it clearly
in fact the whole building seems pretty
under-lit keeping this light on
is going to make a difference between
life and death they managed to get the
injured cop
out of the room and rush into the ground
floor reaching the lobby doors
only to find that they've been locked
from the outside they now realize
they can't get help from anyone outside
the building and have to rely on a
resident vet for medical attention
the chances of having a vet living in
your building is extremely unlikely in
2018 there were only a hundred and
thirteen
thousand vets living in the u.s and if
you think you're more likely to be near
a proper doctor there are less than 300
physicians
for a hundred thousand people in the us
if you're stuck in this building go to
the cupboard and break up the band-aids
because
that's about all the medical attention
you'll be getting someone announces on a
megaphone that they need to follow the
police officer's instructions and that
they are working
on getting everyone out of the building
the residents start arguing
trying to understand what is going on
but nick takes control
they need to focus on saving the wounded
cop the vet directs them to the fabric
workshop in the back
as kathy gets off the phone of her
husband with bad news
the police have shut down the entire
block suddenly the other firefighter
slams to the ground he's still alive
somehow and the vet does his best to
perform triage as nick and the cop
go upstairs to find out what happened
okay
when people start dying don't you think
maybe it's time we put down the camera
i would start feeling pretty guilty
playing candid camera zombie edition
when he should be either helping
or getting out of the way and it's
starting to piss off the rescuers making
you last on their list of people we're
saving
angel and scott follow them to the
second floor where they see the cleaning
lady crash into a wall
and stumble to her death and then miss
espinoza shows up again the cop tells
her to calm down and put her hands up
but she bum-rushes him with a scream and
gets shot to death
angela guides sadie and her dog
downstairs as they clear the tenants
from each floor
there's a drunk man who stubbornly
refuses to go with them and this african
couple who can't speak any english
and finally they come to unit 4a the
door is unlocked and inside is a woman
elise watching tv static totally
unresponsive
and unaware of what's going on around
her as they help her out of the room she
begins puking
clear signs of infection scott notices a
rat that rushes to attack him
and he squashes it flat downstairs the
vet brings nick to check out the fabric
workshop but they're stopped to a halt
by heavily armed soldiers wearing gas
masks just outside
they begin to seal the doors of the
workshop as an announcement instructs
them not to leave the building
all exits have been sealed and someone
will be looking shortly to assess the
situation
if you haven't figured out by now that
this is a everyone fend for themselves
situation
then you probably won't survive this
ditch the convoy and bunker down
you won't win a medal but you face a
better chance at surviving this all by
your lonesome
everyone moves out back into the lobby
when suddenly all the phone signals go
dead
the radios don't work the tvs don't work
and the phones don't work
great how are they all going to check
for symptoms on webmd
but at this point i should mention you
don't actually need the internet or cell
service to send messages to anyone
in 2019 hong kong protesters use an app
called bridgeify to communicate which
used bluetooth technology
updates advice and survival protocol
could be sent to each other offline
everyone could be inside the rooms safe
from infection
but nobody thinks of these things until
it's too late yuri the landlord secretly
tells nick
that there might be another way out
angela and scott follow going into this
dark room where yuri carefully
makes his way to the window but their
plan fails as a soldier gets in the back
off using some strong words and covers
the window with a tarp
the remaining cop enters the room and
angela and nick accuse him of knowing
that they were being sealed in and push
him a bit too far
danny pulls his gun on them and commands
them to go downstairs
despite all the tension if anyone knows
the best way to escape a building
it's a firefighter a policeman and a
landlord
but at this point it's a little too late
now that the military has you surrounded
the sick and injured are kept in the
fabric workshop where the vet does his
best for them patching them and stopping
the bleeding
angela interviews happy's sick daughter
brianna who mentions
her dad went to the vet with their sick
dog her last interview is cut short as
fletcher
suddenly walks into the lobby limping on
a broken leg and frothing at the mouth
the vet gives him a sedative and takes
him back to their makeshift operating
table
and he's figured something out he shows
him the sick girl and goes over her
symptoms
salivary glands are overflowing she
can't swallow all
symptoms of rabies this vet is really
stepping up to the plate he somehow
figured it all out
and definitely earned my respect except
why are we doing this again if i'd seen
this and this
i think it's safe to say that this guy's
next so keeping him alive
and playing dr frankenstein starts to
look pretty stupid in retrospect but
unless you waltz in to stick a knife and
two heads against everyone's wishes
you're most likely to think he's gotta
dealt with and go with the float like
everyone else in the room
the lawyer decides to head upstairs back
to his room he argues they shouldn't be
grouping together
in case it spreads but the cop won't
take any of his lip and has him stay put
he's obviously the only one thinking
straight but also dealing with
quarantine protocol is part of a cop's
job
they follow a national response plan one
of which clearly states that under
conditions of a disease
which spreads rapidly law enforcement
can and should decide when to enforce
quarantine and isolation procedures
nor does it advise to keep everyone
together the truth is for which for 2020
we'd find ourselves following orders
almost guaranteeing infection
angela follows bernard and sadie who
secretly head back to their room
when they open the stairway door a rabid
dog is there waiting for them
the elevator doors open and the lawyer
steps out making the dog
lunge at him whipping into him as the
elevator doors close on them both
inside bernard's apartment they watch
the tv which is one of those older
models with an antenna
they're finally able to get a barely
audible signal listening to the news
reporter telling everyone that the cdc
is on site and according to the police
chief that the building
is empty if all this hasn't drained your
spirit yet
this one will you would never survive
getting out of here because the
government wouldn't let you they are
trying to contain the virus by any means
necessary you could be as badass and
skilled as rambo and you would get your
head exploded by a sniper on a nearby
rooftop
suddenly the power the entire building
goes out and in the distance
a glass breaks out of the darkness comes
the sick woman who screams like a
banshee before attacking angela
scott is able to knock her away slamming
his camera into her face
it can't be stressed enough that
everyone here needs a weapon the camera
will do well enough but it's honestly
not going to withstand this kind of
damage
better weapons would be scissors coach
stands fire extinguishers anything that
either has heft
range or is easy to carry around take it
and if you have any sense
go and barricade your apartment shut
everyone regroups in the fabric workshop
but the cop has some news the center for
disease control is sending in some men
to do blood tests on everyone in the
building
once tested everyone should be freed but
the vet calls bs
blood tests don't work for rabies the
only way to detect the virus is through
a brain sample
nick takes a census of the building
there are four floors with three units
on each one
the third floor unit c is vacant the
fourth floor unit c has a paralyzed man
living there
and in the attic is a man who hasn't
been seen for months the current tally
of people here is four dead
and 15 alive the front door is unlocked
from the outside and three men dressed
in hazmat suits walk in
the men tell scott to turn off the
camera as they move into the fabric
workshop and lock the doors
angela and scott sneak around to a side
room pointing the camera through a small
window to see what's going on
they see fletcher handcuffed as one of
the men inject him with a tranquilizer
before he then takes his long drill
begins to pierce fletcher's skull he's
taken a brain sample the vet was right
this is rapist or some form of it
suddenly fletcher gets up and attacks
one of the cdc agents as they try to
pull fletcher off
angela runs out of the room as a cdc
agent locks the vet
inside who insists he's not infected
angela tries to open the door when the
vet
suddenly spews blood onto the window and
breaks the glass
now you might be thinking that being
behind a barricaded door would be safer
but did you see how fletcher ripped
through his handcuffs now i'm thinking a
door wouldn't make much of a difference
here
retreating they pull down the shutters
and immediately demand answers
the man reveals they got a call from a
veterinarian about a sick dog who became
really aggressive and had symptoms
never seen before it attacked the other
animals and within an
hour they all had the same symptoms they
suddenly realized that the patient zero
pooch
belonged to kathy and brianna everyone
turns to the mom who quickly tells them
briana's only got a little case of
bronchitis and as we all know common
symptoms of bronchitis are
aggressive biting screaming and these
sudden urges to run
kathy is restrained and handcuffed to
the stairwell nick is given a syringe by
the cdc agent who tells him to inject it
into brianna
together with danny and angela they try
to find the infected child
in this case working together might
actually be the worst strategy
more people to get infected more things
that can go wrong and yet
it's absolutely what i would do if
something like this goes down nobody
will want to face it alone
the group finds her in one of the
apartments the cop approaches when the
girl suddenly
jumps at him biting his neck as he
desperately wrestles her off
angel and scott make a break for it and
almost get killed by miss espinoza who
has somehow survived like three bullets
to the chest
lucky for angela nick pummels her to
death with a sledgehammer
angela and nick race down the stairs
passing by the rest of the tenants for
scrambling
they fail to close the shutter and
retreat back upstairs angela tries to
free kathy but she gets rushed away
before she can get the cuffs off it
sounds brutal but even if it's family
and you know they're bitten you have to
either kill them or leave them for dead
but killing is hard to do most people
don't do it every day and unless you've
been in combat
a normal person would hesitate before a
killing blow and it's
that moment of hesitation that gets you
killed they managed to lock
themselves inside one of the rooms and
get a few moments of quiet before the
infected come knocking on the door
nick does a quick head count of everyone
checking to make sure no one has been
infected and of course
everyone says no this is stupid you
can't trust anyone that says they're not
infected
take the vet as a lesson learned locking
yourself in with others
puts you at risk if you're not checking
for cuts bites or blood you might as
well not ask them at all
angela has a mental breakdown screaming
that nobody will save them and they're
all going to die
the cdc agent confirms she's right and
to make matters worse
he's been bitten nick quickly locks him
in another room angela realizes sadie is
infected
as we see her gnawing her own fingers
off in a panic bernard cuts through the
tarp
covering the window and almost
immediately gets killed by a sniper
everyone scrambles to get out of the
line of fire when the shooting finally
stops
yuri tells nick about a drain cover in
the basement but they'll need a key to
unlock it
one that's in his apartment and then the
cdc guy brutally kills yuri as sadie 2
attacks them from behind
angela and nick duck out of the room
will group outside the elevator and try
to figure out where yuri lives
angela has a great idea of checking out
the mailboxes and they rush downstairs
passing by and killing one of the
infected if they were less panicked they
would have realized that this would have
come up in the census that was taken
earlier which was all caught
on camera rewinding the tape to find his
room would have been smarter but memory
doesn't serve you well when you're
running for your life
under threat the brain bypasses the
frontal lobe's functions leaving you
only with a fight or flight response i
would have ditched the camera a long
time ago and probably wouldn't even be
thinking clearly enough to consider the
mailbox
reaching the lobby they find yuri's room
number but there's someone in their way
kathy narrowly avoiding these shambly
undead corpse they get into the elevator
and nick
kills the zombified dog inside angela is
having a panic attack the elevator are
stopped at the second floor
the doors will not close giving sadie
enough time to run inside the lift
and get the daylights beaten out of her
by nick but she's not down yet
and attacks angela once they're out of
the elevator and it's only thanks to
nick and scott that sadie is finally put
down
nick throws one of the tenants off the
railing and together managed to break
into yuri's apartment where angela
frantically searches for the key
rifling through drawers as scott does
his best to provide light
he preps to get ready for a mad dash
downstairs but nick is bitten by the
recently infected landlord
tearing him to shreds into the fumbles
of the keys
and just in the nick of time unlocks the
door to the attic room and shuts it
okay this as a strategy is completely
doomed
you have 30 keys on a keychain can you
pick the right one before you run out of
time
no it's not going to happen if any of it
was thought through this whole plan
would have been scrapped from the
beginning
the unit is filled with all kinds of
things cages for rats
various medical instruments and on the
wall are paper clippings
several of them are about a doomsday
cult that was involved with the virus
that's been spreading throughout the
apartment
together with scott she goes into
another room where she finds a tape deck
and playing it back you can hear the
manifesto of a man
it appears the spread will be impossible
to contain the door to the attic
suddenly swings open
and scott gets angela to take the camera
and scout out what's up there
someone pops out and breaks the camera's
light scott turns on the camera's night
vision
mode which helps him out but not so much
angela she's absolutely terrified right
now
stumbling in the dark and hearing
something else walking in the room
a very tall slender man wearing a diaper
who's thankfully just as blind as angela
he totally doesn't see her hiding at his
feet and scott noticing this
comes up with a plan they begin inching
their way over to the thin man
trying to pass by him but someone
accidentally knocks something over
sending the man into a fury as he
bum-rushes scott and kills him leaving
angela in the dark as she carefully
tries to find the camera
when she finally has her hands on it she
takes a look around this room and
finally gets a look at the thin man
who's casually feeding on scott's corpse
her shopping alerts the zombie who
attacks her knocking both angela and the
camera to the ground
she begins crying towards it slowly but
is abruptly dragged away into the
darkness
at the very last second but what do you
think do you agree with my theories or
do you disagree
let me know of a comment down below with
that said thank you so much for watching
leave a like and subscribe and check out
the playlist that's up on the channel
until next time have a damn good day